Orphic’s Weather Forecast Website and Web Application Documentation 

1.Project Overview
Purpose
The Weather Forecast Website consists of two components:
Web Application (Admin Portal): Designed for administrators to manage the application’s data.
Website (Regular User Portal):Offers a public platform for users to access and explore weather forecasts in Manolo Fortich.
Key Features
Web Application (Admin)
 Real-time weather updates: Provides the latest weather conditions, including temperature, humidity, wind speeds, and more.
Forecast accuracy: Displays reliable predictions for short-term and long-term weather.
Interactive map: Allows users to visualize weather patterns and data.
Exact Location Map: Locate the nearest evacuation centers within Manolo Fortich.
Preparedness Guide: Provides guidance on actions to take before, during, and after a typhoon/bad weather.
Hotline Numbers: Provides emergency hotlines for faster rescue.
User-friendly interface: Easy to navigate and access weather information.
Website (Regular use):
View website’s goals and objectives
Get to know the people behind the Website and Application’s development.
Provides emergency hotlines for faster rescue.

2. User Roles and Permissions
Admin User (Web Application)
Role: Manage all aspects of the application.
Permissions:
Create, edit, or delete user accounts 
Assign or change roles where admins can grant or revoke roles and permissions for other users
Security and Privacy: Monitor system activity, restore or backup data
View and analyze usage data and have access to all the administrative tools.
Regular User (Website)
Role: Explore Weather Forecast 
Permissions:
Can access publicly available content, such as weather forecast, temperature, wind speeds and more.
Search for a place within Manolo to get specific weather conditions.

3. Application Structure
3.1 Web Application (Admin)
Technologies: HTML, CSS (Bootstrap), JavaScript
Pages:
Welcome Screen: Welcome’s you to Orphic and will navigate you through Orphic’s WebApp.
Dashboard: 
Home: Display up-to-date information, such as live weather updates. Where you can also see visual widgets that display maps.
Guide: Guidance every time there will be typhoon
About: Displays the authors. And lastly, the exit
3.2 Website (Regular User)
Technologies: HTML, CSS, JavaScript
Pages: 
Home: Company Tagline
Goals: Orphic’s goals and objectives
Mission: Contains Orphic’s Mission and Vision
Insights: Contains insights and analytics, also navigates to our WebApp
About: Meet the team
Contact:.Where you can contact us.

4. Features and functionalities
4.1 Web Application Features (Admin)
4.1.1 Dashboard
  View of weather update
  View, edit, and delete features
  Integrate external services, such as weather map
4.2 Website Features (Regular User)
4.2.1 View Web Contents 
Displays information all about ORPHIC
Responsive and user-friendly design

5. Application Flow
5.1 Admin Workflow
Dashboard: View recent weather information
Add/EditContents: input and modify data
5.2 Regular User Workflow
Browse Contents: View public available contents
Search and Filter: Search entries based on preference

6. Technical Details:    
6.1 Dependencies
Bootstrap : For responsive design
JavaScript: Manages dynamic content, rendering, and data export functionality        

7. How to Use
7.1 Admin Web Application
Home



About Orphic



Navigate to the Admin Portal: https://or-phic.github.io/Orphic/
Click Get Started
To access our website just scroll down and click Know More
